Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we are going to talk about navigating with name routes, which is another way of navigating
within our hub.
And also, I'm going to show you another way of getting rid of this back arrow.
Okay.
Now, not to do this, we have to head back to our voice record and first of all, the customer on screen.
And we are going to create a name route over here.
We are going to create a variable called Root's name and we can just go ahead and specify the type of
value it's going to store.
It's going to be a string.
So it's going to be cost.
And in order to make this variable globally accessible, we are going to make it static.
Static.
Okay.
And now we can then say it's equal to the name of the screen.
Of course, the more we can just use capital later for this customer on screen.
Okay.
Great.
And the next step is to define.
Or to tell.
Flow to the rest of our screen that we just created a name route.
To do this, we have to go to the main dot before then use control and save.
And then the main 2.5.
And over here, we can get rid of this.
Okay.
And it has a property known as Roots.
And now we can hear the customer.
Home screen.
Homescreen though throughout name and hard this this is going to take context and it sees a function.
And now we basically want to go to the be at the customer home screen.
Okay.
This is basically how to create labor out.
And what we can also do, we can do this for the London customer screen.
London customer screen, where are you?
And we have it over here.
You can use control and B and.
Over here.
Sorry at the top static to make it globally accessible and cost.
It is a type of string equal to.
Sorry.
We also have to call this root name.
But it's going to be equal to another value.
Root.
Name a cause to.
London.
You can just use a capital letter.
London costumer.
Then screen.
And had a semicolon and we have to tell flatter or we have to make it globally accessible by adding
it to this and London.
Customer screen the drought name.
And contests.
Okay.
And.
Our function and London customer.
Screen.
Okay.
Nice enough.
This form.
It has a property known as initial roots.
That is the first screen we are going to see and it's going to be the London customer screen, the route
name.
Okay.
And we have to do this as well for the customer home screen.
We just have to do this for all our major screens like via I think we already have it.
String name.
I think I did it for this already.
Okay.
And now in order to get rid of that back arrow, we are going to use another way to navigate to the
customer home screen.
Now over the customer login screen, we can just get rid of this return or via.
And we do not really need that return.
We can just go ahead and say Navigator.
Navigator.
Words.
Of contest and Dodd's push.
This is going to be push name and.
Push them and.
Remove.
On seal.
Okay.
Push them on.
Remember, this is a name route.
You can see it via.
It is in or out.
Right.
So that's why we are saying push name.
So it push and remove all two.
So push name.
Then push name and remove until.
And for the roots.
There's going to be the customer.
Okay.
This hopefully I spelled this correctly.
I'm just going to redo this to make sure it is correctly spelled.
Third push.
Push name and move on.
Okay, great.
Now, this is basically it.
And you can see we have this false value.
Where basically sets in the previous route.
That is the previous page.
That is the page we are coming from.
We are setting it to force.
Right.
So it's going to get rid of that previous page.
And we do not really need that.
However anymore.
Okay, what we can just do, we can we start this?
So you would no longer need this.
Over the homescreen this.
Automatically imply leading.
Okay.
And now we can log in.
I have an account associated with Mark Poor.
I demanded calm and the password is this.
And log in.
Okay.
There is an error.
RAZ okay.
Hopefully.
Maybe we have to return.
He's going to try.
Okay.
Return.
And all we can do is head to this.
Over here and we can turn off this.
And we start.
All three starting.
Okay.
Hopefully it's going to start and we can then try this out.
It's going to start this.
Okay.
And log in.
And Mark.
Poor Jimmy did calm.
So I G.M. dot com.
T.M. It's calm and the password is MSI.
Click on login.
And.
Hopefully we got no errors at this time.
Okay.
And let's go check the profile.
We do not really.
Okay.
We can just get rid of that and see.
I think we already have that automatically, which is going to get rid of that error and use control
and save.
Then go check if it's going to be visible.
You can see it is no longer visible because it's going to pop out that previous route.
And let's check for the cards.
The you can see it is no longer visible because it's going to pop out the previous page we were coming
from.
And what we can do, we can try this for the home screen and we can get rid of this.
And see.
And Homescreen.
Okay.
You can see we do not really need that anymore.
So what this would basically do is it would take us to a new route and it's going to pop the previous
route.
We we're coming from by using the navigation navigator navigation.
That push is it goes, yes, it's going to take you to a new route, but you still have the chance of
going back.
So what we use was navigator navigation.
Navigates her that off contest dot push name.
Remember, we are dealing with name roots.
Name and remove until the customers can and basically want to set the previous roots to force.
And this is basically it's I think I talked too much but it is so you understand how everything works.
Okay.
Sounds good, right?
Okay, guys, see you in the next lecture.
But before then, you can just create the name route for the rest of the screen and you have to hide
it over.
Okay.
Finally seeing the next lecture.